(1990-61)They want to explain why we possess certain characteristics and exhibit certain behaviors.
(1990-62)Those who support the “nature” side of the conflict believe that our personalities and behavior patterns are largely determined by biological factors.
(1990-63)That our environment has little, if anything, to do with our abilities, characteristics and behavior is central to this theory.
(1990-64)Behaviorists suggest that the child who is raised in an environment where there are many stimuli which develop his or her capacity for appropriate responses will experience greater intellectual development.
(1990-65)Behaviorists, in contrast，say that differences in scores are due to the fact that blacks are often deprived of many of the educational and other environmental advantages that whites enjoy.
(1991-71)The supply of oil can be shut off unexpectedly at any time，and in any case，the oil wells will all run dry in thirty years or so at the present rate of use.
(1991-72)New sources of energy must be found, and this will take time，but it is not likely to result in any situation that will ever restore that sense of cheap and plentiful energy we have had in the times past.
(1991-73)The food supply will not increase nearly enough to match this，which means that we are heading into a crisis in the matter of producing and marketing food.
(1991-74)This will be particularly true since energy pinch will make it difficult to continue agriculture in the high energy American fashion that makes it possible to combine few farmers with high yields.
(1991-75)Until such time as mankind has the sense to lower its population to the point where the planet can provide a comfortable support for all ， people will have to accept more “unnatural food”.
(1992-71)There is more agreement on the kinds of behavior referred to by the term than there is on how to interpret or classify them. 
(1992-72)To criticise it for such failure is roughly comparable to criticising a thermometer for not measuring wind velocity.
(1992-73)Now since the assessment of intelligence is a comparative matter we must be sure that the scale with which we are comparing our subjects provides a “valid” or “fair” comparison. 
(1992-74)The first two must be equal for all who are being compared，if any comparison in terms of intelligence is to be made. 
(1992-75)On the whole such a conclusion can be drawn with a certain degree of confidence，but only if the child can be assumed to have had the same attitude towards the test as the others with whom he is being compared，and only if he was not punished by lack of relevant information which they possessed.
(1993-71)The method of scientific investigation is nothing but the expression of the necessary mode of working of the human mind; it is simply the mode by which all phenomena are reasoned about and given precise and exact explanation. 
(1993-72)It is not that the  scales in the one case，and the balance in the other，differ in the principles of their construction or manner of working; but that the latter is much finer apparatus and of course much more accurate in its measurement than the former.
(1993-73)You have all heard it repeated that men of science work by means of induction and deduction，that by the help of these operations，they，in a sort of sense， manage to extract from Nature certain natural laws，and that out of these，by some special skill of their own，they build up their theories.
(1993-74)And it is imagined by many that the operations of the common mind can be by no means compared with these processes，and that they have to be acquired by a sort of special training.
(1993-75)Probably there is not one here who has not in the course of the day had occasion to set in motion a complex train of reasoning，of the very same kind，though differing in degree，as that which a scientific man goes through in tracing the causes of natural phenomena.
(1994-71)Science moves forward, they say, not so much through the insights of great men of genius as because of more ordinary things like improved techniques and tools.
(1994-72)“In short”, a leader of the new school contends, “the scientific revolution, as we call it, was largely the improvement and invention and use of a series of instruments that expanded the reach of science in innumerable directions.”
(1994-73)Over the years, tools and technology themselves as a source of fundamental innovation have largely been ignored by historians and philosophers of science.
(1994-74)Galileo's greatest glory was that in 1609 he was the first person to turn the newly invented telescope on the heavens to prove that the planets revolve around the sun rather than around the Earth.
(1994-75)Whether the Government should increase the financing of pure science at the expense of technology or vice versa often depends on the issue of which is seen as the driving force.
(1995-71)The target is wrong, for in attacking the tests, critics divert attention from the fault that lies with ill-informed or incompetent users.
(1995-72)How well the predictions will be validated by later performance depends upon the amount, reliability, and appropriateness of the information used and on the skill and wisdom with which it is interpreted.
(1995-73)Whether to use tests, other kinds of information, or both in a particular situation depends, therefore, upon the evidence from experience concerning comparative validity and upon such factors as cost and availability.
(1995-74)In general, the tests work most effectively when the qualities to be measured can be most precisely defined and least effectively when what is to be measured or predicted can not be well defined. 
(1995-75)For example, they do not compensate for gross social inequality, and thus do not tell how able an underprivileged youngster might have been had he grown up under more favorable circumstances.
(1996-71)Some of these causes are completely reasonable results of social needs. Others are reasonable consequences of particular advances in science being to some extent self-accelerating.
(1996-72)This trend began during the Second World War, when several governments came to the conclusion that the specific demands that a government wants to make of its scientific establishment cannot generally be foreseen in detail.
(1996-73)This seems mostly effectively done by supporting a certain amount of research not related to immediate goals but of possible consequence in the future.
(1996-74)However, the world is so made that elegant systems are in principle unable to deal with some of the world's more fascinating and delightful aspects.
(1996-75)New forms of thought as well as new subjects for thought must arise in the future as they have in the past, giving rise  to new standards of elegance.
(1997-71)Actually, it isn't, because it assumes that there is an agreed account of human rights, which is something the world does not have.
(1997-72)Some philosophers argue that rights exist only within a social contract, as part of an exchange of duties and entitlements.
(1997-73)It leads the discussion to extremes at the outset: it invites you to think that animals should be treated either with the consideration humans extend to other humans, or with no consideration at all.
(1997-74)Arguing from the view that humans are different from animals in every relevant respect, extremists of this kind think that animals lie outside the area of moral choice.
(1997-75)When that happens, it is not a mistake: it is mankind's instinct for moral reasoning in action, an instinct that should be encouraged rather than laughed at.
(1998-71)But even more important, it was the farthest that scientists had been able to look into the past, for what they were seeing were the patterns and structures that existed  15 billion years ago. 
(1998-72)The existence of the giant clouds was virtually required for the Big Bang,  first put forward in the 1920s, to maintain its reign as the dominant explanation of the cosmos.
(1998-73)Astrophysicists working with ground-based detectors at the South Pole and balloon-borne instruments are closing in on such structures, and may report their findings soon.
(1998-74)If the small hot spots look as expected, that will be a triumph for yet another scientific idea, a refinement of the Big Bang called the inflationary universe theory. 
(1998-75)Odd though it sounds, cosmic inflation is a scientifically plausible consequence of some respected ideas in elementary particle physics, and many astrophysicists have been convinced for the better part of a decade that it is true.
(1999-71)While there are almost as many definitions of history as there are historians, modern practice most closely conforms to one that sees history as the attempt to recreate and explain the significant events of the past.
(1999-72)Interest in historical methods has arisen less through external challenge to the validity of history as an intellectual discipline and more from internal quarrels among historians themselves.
(1999-73)During this transfer, traditional historical methods were augmented by additional methodologies designed to interpret the new forms of evidence in the historical study.
(1999-74)There is no agreement whether methodology refers to the concepts peculiar to historical work in general or to the research techniques appropriate to the various branches of historical inquiry.
(1999-75)It applies equally to traditional historians who view history as only the external and internal criticism of sources, and to social science historians who equate their activity with specific techniques.
(2000-71)Under modern conditions, this requires varying measures of centralized control and hence the help of specialized scientists such as economists and operational research experts.
(2000-72)Furthermore, it is obvious that the strength of a country's economy is directly bound up with the efficiency of its agriculture and industry, and that this in turn rests upon the efforts of scientists and technologists of all kinds.
(2000-73)Owing to the remarkable development in mass communications, people everywhere are feeling new wants and are being exposed to new customs and ideas, while governments are often forced to introduce still further innovations for the reasons given above.
(2000-74)In the early industrialized countries of Europe the process of industrialization—with all the far-reaching changes in social patterns that followed—was spread over nearly a century, whereas nowadays a developing nation may undergo the same process in a decade or so.
(2000-75)Additional social stresses may also occur because of the population explosion or problems arising from mass migration movements—themselves made relatively easy nowadays by modern means of transport.
(2001-71)There will be television chat shows hosted by robots, and cars with pollution monitors that will disable them when they offend. 
(2001-72)Children will play with dolls equipped with personality chips, computers with in-built personalities  will  be regarded as workmates rather than tools, relaxation will be in front of smell-television, and digital age will have arrived.
(2001-73)Pearson has pieced together the work of hundreds of researchers around the world to produce a unique millennium technology calendar that gives the latest dates when we can expect hundreds of key breakthroughs and discoveries to take place.
(2001-74)But that, Pearson points out, is only the start of man-machine integration: “It will be the beginning of the long process of integration that will ultimately lead to a fully electronic human before the end of the next century.”
(2001-75)And home appliances will also become so smart that controlling and operating them will result in the breakout of a new psychological disorder—kitchen rage.
(2002-61)One difficulty is that almost all of what is called behavioral science continues to trace behavior to states of mind, feelings, traits of character, human nature, and so on.
(2002-62)The behavioral sciences have been  slow to change partly because the explanatory items often seem to be directly observed and partly because other kinds of explanations have been hard to find.
(2002-63)The role of natural selection in evolution was formulated only a little more than a hundred years ago, and the selective role of the environment in shaping and maintaining the behavior of the individual is only beginning to be recognized and studied.
(2002-64)They are the possessions of the autonomous (self-governing) man  of traditional theory, and they are essential to practices in which a person is held responsible for his conduct and given credit for his achievements.
(2002-65)Until these issues are resolved, a technology of behavior will continue to be rejected, and with it possibly the only way to solve our problems.
(2003-61)Furthermore, humans have the ability to modify the environment in which they live, thus subjecting all other life forms to their own peculiar ideas and fancies. 
(2003-62)Social science is that branch of intellectual enquiry which seeks to study humans and their endeavors in the same reasoned, orderly, systematic, and dispassioned manner that natural scientists use for the study of natural phenomena.
(2003-63)The emphasis on data gathered first-hand, combined with a cross-cultural perspective brought to the analysis of cultures past and present, makes this study a unique and distinctly important social science.
(2003-64)Tylor defined culture as “...that complex whole which includes belief, art, morals, law, custom, and any other capabilities and habits acquired by man as a member of society.”
(2003-65)Thus, the anthropological concept of “culture” like the concept of “set”  in mathematics, is an abstract concept which makes possible immense amounts of concrete research and understanding.
(2004-61)The Greeks assumed that the structure of language had some connection with the process of thought, which took root in Europe long before people realized  how diverse languages could be.
(2004-62)We are obliged to them because some of these languages have since vanished, as the peoples who spoke them died out or became assimilated and lost their native languages.
(2004-63)The newly described languages were often so strikingly different from the well studied languages of Europe and Southeast Asia that some scholars even accused Boas and Sapir of fabricating their data.
(2004-64)Being interested in the relationship of language and thought, Whorf developed the idea that the structure of language determines the structure of habitual thought in a society. 
(2004-65)Whorf came to believe in a sort of linguistic determinism which, in its strongest form, states that language imprisons the mind, and that the grammatical patterns in a language can produce far-reaching consequences for the culture of a society.
(2005-46)Television is one of the means by which these feelings are created and conveyed—and perhaps never before has it served so much to connect different peoples and nations as in the recent events in Europe. 
(2005-47)In Europe, as elsewhere, multi-media groups have been increasingly successful: groups which bring together television, radio, newspapers, magazines and publishing houses that work in relation to one another.
(2005-48)This alone demonstrates that the television business is not an easy world to survive in, a fact underlined by statistics that show that out of eighty European television networks, no less than 50% took a loss in 1989.
(2005-49)Creating a “European identity” that respects the different cultures and traditions which go to make up the connecting fabric of the Old Continent is no easy task and demands a strategic choice.
(2005-50)In dealing with a challenge on such a scale, it is no exaggeration to say “United we stand, divided we fall”.
(2006-46)I shall define him as an individual who has elected as his primary duty and pleasure in life the activity of thinking in a Socratic(苏格拉底的) way about moral problems.
(2006-47)His function is analogous to that of a judge, who must accept the obligation of revealing in as obvious a manner as possible the course of reasoning which led him to his decision.
(2006-48)I have excluded him because, while his accomplishments may contribute to the solution of moral problems, he has not been charged with the task of approaching any but the factual aspects of those problems. 
(2006-49)But his primary task is not to think about the moral code, which governs his activity, any more than a businessman is expected to dedicate his energies to an exploration of rules of conduct in business.
(2006-50)They may teach very well, and more than earn their salaries, but most of them make little or no independent reflections on human problems which involve moral judgment.
(2007-46)Traditionally, legal learning has been viewed in such institutions as the special preserve  of lawyers,  rather than a necessary part of the intellectual equipment of an educated person. 
(2007-47)On the other, it links these concepts to everyday  realities in a manner which is parallel to  the links journalists forge on a daily basis as they cover and comment on the news.
(2007-48)But the idea that the journalist must understand the law more profoundly than an ordinary citizen rests on an understanding of the established conventions   and special responsibilities of the news media.
(2007-49)In fact, it is difficult to see how journalists who do not have a clear grasp of the basic features of the Canadian Constitution can do a competent job on political stories.
(2007-50)While comment and reaction from lawyers may enhance stories, it is preferable for journalists to rely on their own notions of significance and make their own judgments.
(2008-46)He opines that this very difficulty may have had the compensating advantage of  forcing him to think long and intently about every sentence, and thus enabling him to detect errors in reasoning and in his own observations.
(2008-47)He asserted, also, that his power to follow a long and purely abstract train of thought was very limited, for which reason he felt certain that he never could have succeeded with mathematics.
(2008-48)On the other hand, he did not accept as well founded the charge made by some of his critics that, while he was a good observer, he had no power of reasoning.
(2008-49)He adds humbly that perhaps he was "superior to the common run of men in noticing things which easily escape attention, and in observing them carefully."
(2008-50)Darwin was convinced  that the loss  of these tastes was not only a loss of happiness, but might possibly be injurious to the intellect, and more probably to the moral character.
(2009-46)It may be said that the measure of the worth of any social institution is its effect in enlarging and improving experience, but this effect is not a part of its original motive.
(2009-47)Only gradually was the by-product of the institution noted, and only more gradually still was this effect considered as a directive factor in the conduct of the institution.
(2009-48)While it is easy to ignore in our contact with them the effect of our acts upon their disposition, it is not so easy as in dealing with adults.
(2009-49)Since our chief business with them is to enable them to share in a common life we cannot help considering whether or not we are forming the powers which will secure this ability.
(2009-50)We are thus led to distinguish, within the broad educational process which we have been so far considering, a more formal kind of education—that of direct tuition or schooling.
(2010-46)Scientists jumped to the rescue with some distinctly shaky evidence to the effect that insects would eat us up if birds failed to control them.
(2010-47)But we have at least drawn nearer the point of admitting that birds should continue as a matter of intrinsic right, regardless of the presence or absence of economic advantage to us.
(2010-48)Time was when biologists somewhat overworked the evidence that these creatures preserve the health of game by killing the physically weak, or that they prey only on “worthless” species.
(2010-49)In Europe, where forestry is ecologically more advanced, the noncommercial tree species are recognized as members of the native forest community, to be preserved as such, within reason.
(2010-50)It tends to ignore, and thus eventually to eliminate, many elements in the land community that lack commercial value, but that are essential to its healthy functioning.
(2011-46)Allen’s contribution was to take an assumption we all share—that because we are not robots we therefore control our thoughts—and reveal its erroneous nature.
(2011-47)While we may be able to sustain the illusion of control through the conscious mind alone, in reality we are continually faced with a question:“Why cannot I make myself do this or achieve that? ”
(2011-48)This seems a justification for neglect of those in need, and a rationalization of exploitation, of the superiority of those at the top and  the inferiority of those at the bottom.
(2011-49)Circumstances seem to be designed to bring out the best in us, and if we feel that we have been “wronged” then we are unlikely to begin a conscious effort to escape from our situation.
(2011-50)The upside is the possibilities contained in knowing that everything is up to us; where before we were experts in the array of limitations, now we become authorities of what is possible.
(2012-46)In physics, one approach takes this impulse for unification to its extreme, and seeks a theory of everything—a single generative equation for all we see.
(2012-47)Here, Darwinism seems to offer justification, for if all humans share  common origins, it seems reasonable to suppose that cultural diversity could also be traced to more constrained beginnings.
(2012-48)To filter out what is unique from what is shared might enable us to understand how complex cultural behavior arose and what guides it in evolutionary or cognitive terms.
(2012-49)The second, by Joshua Greenberg, takes a more empirical approach to universality, identifying traits (particularly in word order) shared by many languages, which are considered to represent biases that result from cognitive constraints.
(2012-50)Chomsky’s grammar should show patterns of language change that are independent of the family tree or the pathway tracked through it, whereas Greenbergian universality predicts strong co-dependencies between particular types of word-order relations.
(2013-46)Yet when one looks at the photographs of the gardens created by the homeless, it strikes one that, for all their diversity of styles, these gardens speak of various other fundamental urges, beyond that of decoration and creative expression.
(2013-47)A sacred place of peace, however crude it may be, is a distinctly human need, as opposed to shelter, which is a distinctly animal need.
(2013-48)The gardens of the homeless, which are in effect homeless gardens, introduce form into an urban environment where it either didn’t exist or was not discernible as such.
(2013-49)Most of us give in to a demoralization of spirit which we usually blame on some psychological conditions, until one day we find ourselves in a garden and feel the oppression vanish as if by magic.
(2013-50)It is this implicit or explicit reference to nature that fully justifies the use of word garden, though in a “liberated” sense, to describe these synthetic constructions.
(2014-46)It is also the reason why when we try to describe music with words, all we can do is articulate our reactions to it, and not grasp music itself.
(2014-47)By all accounts he was a freethinking person, and a courageous one, and I find courage an essential quality for the understanding, let alone the performance, of his works.
(2014-48)Beethoven’s habit of increasing the volume with an extreme intensity and then abruptly following it with a sudden soft passage was only rarely used by composers before him.
(2014-49)Especially significant was his view of freedom, which, for him, was associated with the rights and responsibilities of the individual: he advocated freedom of thought and of personal expression.
(2014-50)One could interpret much of the work of Beethoven by saying that suffering is inevitable, but the courage to fight it renders life worth living.
(2015-46)We don’t have to learn how to be mentally healthy; it is built into us in the same way that our bodies know how to heal a cut or mend a broken bone.
(2015-47)Our mental health doesn’t really go anywhere; like the sun behind a cloud, it can be temporarily hidden from view, but it is fully capable of being restored in an instant.
(2015-48)But the force of geographic conditions peculiar to America, the interplay of the varied national groups upon one another, and the sheer difficulty of maintaining old-world ways in a raw, new continent caused significant changes.
(2015-49)The first shiploads of immigrants bound for the territory which is now the United States crossed the Atlantic more than a hundred years after the 15th-and-16th-century explorations of North America.
(2015-50)The virgin forest with its richness and variety of  trees was a real treasure-house which extended from Maine all the way down to Georgia.
(2016-46)Yet when one looks at the photographs of the gardens created by the homeless, it strikes one that, for all their diversity of styles, these gardens speak of various other fundamental urges, beyond that of decoration and creative expression.
(2016-47)A sacred place of peace, however crude it may be, is a distinctly human need, as opposed to shelter, which is a distinctly animal need.
(2016-48)Mental health allows us to view others with sympathy if they are having troubles, with kindness if they are in pain, and with unconditional love no matter who they are.
(2016-49)Although mental health is the cure-all for living our lives, it is perfectly ordinary as you will see that it has been there to direct you through all your difficult decisions.
(2016-50)As you will come to see, knowing that mental health is always available and knowing to trust it allow us to slow down to the moment and live life happily.
(2017-46)But even as the number of English speakers expands further there are signs that the global predominance of the language may fade within the foreseeable future.
(2017-47)His analysis should therefore end any self-contentedness among those who may believe that the global position of English is so stable that the young generations of the United Kingdom do not need additional language capabilities.
(2017-48)Many countries are introducing English into the primary-school curriculum but British schoolchildren and students do not appear to be gaining greater encouragement to achieve fluency in other languages.
(2017-49)The changes identified by David Graddol all present clear and major challenges to the UK’s providers of English language teaching to people of other countries and to broader education business sectors.
(2017-50)It gives a basis for all organisations which seek to promote the learning and use of English, a basis for planning to meet the possibilities of what could be a very different operating environment.
(2018-46)By the date of his birth Europe was witnessing the passing of the religious drama, and the creation of new forms under the incentive of classical tragedy and comedy.
(2018-47)No boy who went to a grammar school could be ignorant that the drama was a form of literature which gave glory to Greece and Rome and might yet bring honor to England.
(2018-48)But the professional companies prospered in their permanent theaters, and university men with literary ambitions were quick to turn to these theaters as offering a means of livelihood.
(2018-49)A native literary drama had been created, its alliance with the public playhouses established, and at least some of its great traditions had been begun.
(2018-50)To realize how great was the dramatic activity, we must remember further that hosts of plays have been lost, and that probably there is no author of note whose entire work has survived.
(2019-46)There is a great deal of this kind of nonsense in the medical journals which, when taken up by broadcasters and the lay press, generates both health scares and short-lived dietary enthusiasms.
(2019-47)Nowadays anyone applying for a research post has to have published twice the number of papers that would have been required for the same post only 10 years ago. 
(2019-48)Attempts have been made to curb this tendency, for example, by trying to incorporate some measure of quality as well as quantity into the assessment of an applicant’s papers.
(2019-49)This would be reasonable enough if it were not for the fact that scientists can easily arrange to cite themselves in their future publications, or get associates to do so for them in return for similar favours.
(2019-50)If we are serious about ensuring that our science is both meaningful and reproducible, we must ensure that  our institutions encourage that kind of science.
(2020-46)With the Church's teachings and ways of thinking eclipsed by the Renaissance the gap between the Medieval and modern periods had been bridged leading to new and unexplored intellectual territories.
(2020-47)Before each of their revelations many thinkers at the time had sustained more ancient ways of thinking, including the geocentric view that the Earth was at the centre of our universe. 
(2020-48)Despite attempts by the Church to suppress this new generation of logicians and rationalists, more explanations for how the universe functioned were being made at a rate that the people could no longer ignore.
(2020-49)As many took on the duty of trying to integrate reasoning and scientific philosophies into the world, the Renaissance was over and it was time for a new era - the Age of Reason.
(2020-50)Such actions to seek knowledge and to understand what information we already knew were captured by the Latin phrase “sapereaude” or “dare to know”.
(2021-46)Those societies came out of the war with levels of enrollment that had been roughly constant at 3-5% of the relevant age groups during the decades before the war. 
(2021-47)And the demand that rose in those societies for entry to higher education extended to groups and social classes that had not thought of attending a university before the war.
(2021-48)In many countries of Western Europe, the numbers of students in higher education doubled within five-year periods during the 1960s and doubled againin seven, eight, or 10 years by the middle of the 1970s.
(2021-49)And when the new staff are predominantly young men and women fresh from postgraduate study, they largely define the norms of academic life in that faculty.
(2021-50)High growth rates increased the chances for academic innovation; they also weakened the forms and processes by which teachers and students are admitted into a community of scholars during periods of stability or slow growth.
(2022-46)It was also, and this is unknown even to many people well read about the period a battle between those who made codes and those who broke them.
(2022-47)It listed many documents in code that had been captured from the French army of Spain, and whose secrets had been revealed by the work of one George Scovell , an officer in British headquarters.
(2022-48)He could not analyze carefully what this obscure officer may or may not have contributed to that great struggle between nations or indeed tell us anything much about the man himself.
(2022-49)There may have been many spies and intelligence officers during the Napoleonic Wars, but it is usually extremely difficult to find the material they actually provided or worked on.
(2022-50)Just as the code breaking has its wider relevance in the struggle for Spain, so his attempts to make his way up the promotion ladder speak volumes about British society.
(2023-46)AI can also be used to identify the lifestyles choices of customers regarding their hobbies, favorite celebrities, and fashions to provide unique content in marketing messages put out through social media.
(2023-47)Some believe that AI is negatively impacting on the marketer's role by reducing creativity and removing jobs, but they are aware that it is a way of reducing costs and creating new information.
(2023-48)Algorithms used to simulate human interactions are creating many of those concerns, especially as no-one is quite sure what the outcomes of using AI to interact with customers will be.
(2023-49)If customers are not willing to share data, AI will be starved of essential information and will not be able to function effectively or employ machine learning to improve its marketing content and communication.
(2023-50)The non-intrusive delivery of the marketing message in a way that is sensitive to the needs of target customers is one of the critical challenges to the digital marketer.